Contact doc fixes (#4)
dimforge/parry.rs: docs/user_guide/templates/geometric_queries.mdx

| Field    | Description                                                              |
|--        | --                                                                       |
| `point1` | Position of the contact on the first object. |
| `point2` | Position of the contact on the second object. |
| `normal1` | Contact normal, pointing towards the exterior of the first shape. |
| `normal2` | Contact normal, pointing towards the exterior of the second shape. If these contact data are expressed in world-space, this normal is equal to `-normal1`. |
| `dist`  | The penetration depth of this contact. If this is negative, this contact represents a penetration. |

{ /* TODO: explain coordinate system used can be local or global, for example  `QueryDispatcher::contact` returns local, but `query::contact` returns "absolute" */}

> { /* is it though ? I think we can just say absolute in conntext of `query::contact` ; and then a new paragraph pointing out dispatcher which returns local */ }

Author: correct: paragraph in warning for that

| Field    | Description                                                              |
|--        | --                                                                       |
| `point1` | Position of the contact on the first object. |
| `point2` | Position of the contact on the second object. |
| `normal1` | Contact normal, pointing towards the exterior of the first shape. |
| `normal2` | Contact normal, pointing towards the exterior of the second shape. If these contact data are expressed in world-space, this normal is equal to `-normal1`. |
| `dist`  | The penetration depth of this contact. If this is negative, this contact represents a penetration. |

:::warning

In context of `query::contact`, `point1` and `point2` are expressed in _absolute coordinates_: which are not relative
to any object. But when using lower level functions like `contact_cuboid_cuboid`

> (typically functions taking a `pos12: &Isometry<f32>`), `point1` and `point2` are expressed in _relative coordinates_ to `Shape` arguments.

Author: ```suggestion
(typically functions taking a `pos12: &Isometry<f32>`), `point1` and `point2` are expressed in _local coordinates_ to each `Shape` arguments.
```
